Q1## Tell me about yourself.
Hi My name Bhim Singh Verma, I m from a small village of Alwar district in Rajasthan.I did my graduation from NIT Raipur in 2018 in Information Technology.

After completing the graduation I joined the Intellect Design Arena in Chennai.Here I worked on 2 different Central Banking System project -Armenia and Bank Of indonesia.I developed many core things from scrath there and automated tool for langauage translation.

After 2 years I join Oracle US Payroll Team where worked on fusion project ,did many enhancement over existing system.

 I worked on various projects related to the software domain which provided me a great deal of technical exposure along with the importance of working in a team and the value of client satisfaction

My area of interest is software developement,problem solving and competitive programming and explore new area of tech or self improvement.

Q2## Why you want to join model N?
  I want to go beyond my current role here, explore different avenues and take up challenging roles 

  point 1: I see the more oportunities here to wrok on differnt things that's the one reason 
  
  point 2: In oracle there is a large product So for each component there is a specific team So I haven't opportunity to utilise my potential there.
  Here in model N I see that every developer see the end to end application or its like full stack developer.

  point 3: I like hackathons events that's also one reason.

  conclusion -That's the reason Im willing to join model N

  I have development experience of around 4 year in different java frameworks and tech,I want to utilise that in every efficient way.

  Model N is constantly growing and also I see that Model N Selected as Silicon India’s Best Company to Work for 2020
  
Q3## What are your greatest strengths and weaknesses?

 I think one of my greatest strengths is that I am a great team player. I am also a self-motivated and quick learning individual. Whatever task that I set to do, I always give my best and complete it diligently well in advance. My weakness would be that I am learning to master people skills while meeting new individuals. I get nervous while talking to new people. I have been working on this for quite a long time and I can say with utmost confidence that I have come a long way.

Q4## How would you rate yourself on a scale of 1 to 10?
    I would like to rate myself an 8 . 8 because I know that I am not perfect and there is always a scope for learning and improvement. Continuous learning is the most fundamental part of personal and professional growth.

Q5## Where do you see yourself in 5 years?    
    My ultimate career goal is to become a Technology Architect and hence I would look forward to developing various products that represent the vision of this company and be a part of making a difference along with quickening my journey of becoming a Tech Architect.

Q6##  Why should we hire you?

    I am a self-motivated and very open-minded person who can learn very fast. Looking at the job description and my experience in the field of web development, I am confident that I am very much suitable for this role. I enjoy solving problems and I am a great team player. I also believe that my values are aligned with this company’s values. I think this position will support my interest and also give me interesting and exciting opportunities to contribute to the growth of this organization. I am very much excited about this opportunity.


What is considered a SaaS product?
Image result for what is saas product
SaaS product is an internet software that all users have access to, like a text expander. Many of your favorite internet platforms are SaaS – Google Apps, DropBox, or Canva. The idea of the SaaS app began to spread by entrepreneurs in the 90s. And to date, it is one of the most relevant business distribution models.

“Daily challenges, endless opportunities and a family culture are my top 3 reasons on why I willing to working at Model N.”
  
